README.md, before:

# Quake Mode Gnome Shell Extension
A fork from the awesome [repsac-by](https://github.com/repsac-by) and their [gnome-shell-extension-quake-mode](https://github.com/repsac-by/gnome-shell-extension-quake-mode) to add more features.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e01159d2-7292-411e-a851-8aa5727086f5

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/initiateit/quake-mode-shortcuts.git

cd quake-mode-shortcuts

gnome-extensions pack quake-mode-initiateit@repsac-by.github.com --extra-source={quakemodeapp,indicator,util}.js

gnome-extensions install quake-mode-initiateit@repsac-by.github.com.shell-extension.zip
```

## Usage

Go to GNOME Extensions or Extension Manager and open the settings for quake-mode. Switch over to the accelerators tab and define a shortcut key and an application it should open. Use that key to toggle quake-mode for your chosen app.

### Window Resize & Monitor Shortcuts

This fork adds keyboard shortcuts to resize and move the quake-mode window:

- **Ctrl + Up**: Increase window height  
- **Ctrl + Down**: Decrease window height  
- **Ctrl + Right**: Increase window width  
- **Ctrl + Left**: Decrease window width  
- **Ctrl + Shift + Left/Right**: Move the window to the previous or next monitor

Also adds the ability to vertically center the starting position of the app.

## Known Issues

Due to the implementation of some tricks of initial placement of the window in the desired location on the screen and suppression of the initial animation with replacement of its own, it may not always work as expected.
Things may animate a little fudgey or glitchy.

Commit message:

added independent resizing, ability to animate windows separately from whichever location you choose.

README.md, after:

# Quake Mode Gnome Shell Extension
A fork from the awesome [repsac-by](https://github.com/repsac-by) and their [gnome-shell-extension-quake-mode](https://github.com/repsac-by/gnome-shell-extension-quake-mode) to add more features.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e01159d2-7292-411e-a851-8aa5727086f5

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/initiateit/quake-mode-shortcuts.git

cd quake-mode-shortcuts

gnome-extensions pack quake-mode-initiateit@repsac-by.github.com --extra-source={quakemodeapp,indicator,util}.js

gnome-extensions install quake-mode-initiateit@repsac-by.github.com.shell-extension.zip
```

## Usage

Go to GNOME Extensions or Extension Manager and open the settings for quake-mode. Switch over to the accelerators tab and define a shortcut key and an application it should open. Use that key to toggle quake-mode for your chosen app.

### Window Resize & Monitor Shortcuts

This fork adds keyboard shortcuts to resize and move the quake-mode window:

- **Ctrl + Up**: Increase window height  
- **Ctrl + Down**: Decrease window height  
- **Ctrl + Right**: Increase window width  
- **Ctrl + Left**: Decrease window width  
- **Ctrl + Shift + Left/Right**: Move the window to the previous or next monitor

You can now also:

- Set which direction each window animates from ie **left, right, top, bottom**
- Each window will resize independently and remember its sizes

Adds the ability to vertically center the starting position of the app.

## Known Issues

Due to the implementation of some tricks of initial placement of the window in the desired location on the screen and suppression of the initial animation with replacement of its own, it may not always work as expected.
Things may animate a little fudgey or glitchy.
